                               
                               Phoebetria

              Software for controlling the BitFenix(R) Recon
                              fan controller.
                        
               (C) 2012 by Craig Robbins and Christopher Ferris
                        phoebetria.software@gmail.com
                          http://www.phoebetria.com
                        
                                CHANGE LOG

Version 1.3
21-Dec-2012
====================
This is a major feature release and is a direct result of the solid 
framework built into the previous releases. We’ve included a new 
preference panel that allows you to set some basic environment settings, 
name fans and temperatures, set startup and shutdown profiles and use 
custom themes. If you know how to write custom stylesheets for the web 
then creating your own custom themes will be familiar. The RPM 
indicators have been modified to move with the current rpm until they 
reach their target RPM. The RPM sliders now use a logarithmic scale 
instead of the previous linear scale; this can be toggled in 
preferences. Software auto has been tweaked to operate more smoothly
and reliably, and finally the usual bug fixes.

Version 1.2.1
12-Dec-2012
====================
This is a bug fix release. Due to the nature of some of the bugs it is 
highly recommended that all users upgrade to this version if they are 
using version 1.2.0. Stability and usability has been improved. The 
internal state of Phoebetria is now reset after the system goes through 
a sleep/wake cycle. Occasional 'freezing' of the UI has been addressed. 
Software auto has been improved. Phoebetria can once again work 
correctly with the OEM software still running. 

Known issues: It would be desirable that if Phoebetria is running in SW 
Auto mode that when the OS is shut down (not sleep/suspend) it sets the 
Recon to (hardware) auto mode. Unfortunately if Phoebetria is minimised 
to tray this does not happen. This is being worked on and is likely to 
be fixed in V1.3. 


Version 1.2.0
====================
It took some time but we feel Phoebetria has finally matured to a 
non-beta status. There are two significant changes packed into this 
release. The first is software auto. This feature takes the Recon's auto 
mode a step further by allowing you to setup your own fan curves. The 
second feature involves the way profiles are saved. We've moved away 
from .ini files to a SQLite database for greater flexibility. The first 
time you launch this version your old profiles will be imported 
automatically. 

Other changes include: Cleaning up the GUI to maximize space and make it 
more intuitive; while in manual mode, clicking the RPM button opens a 
window for an alternative way to set the RPM; clicking the channel icon 
will change the Recon's display to show that channel's settings. 


Version 1.1.1 (Beta)
====================
Although this is a "point release" many changes and improvements have 
been incorporated. Behind the scenes the code is more efficient. These 
efficiency gains mean that, from a user perspective, the GUI is more 
responsive and many bugs have been fixed. The GUI has been polished and 
now the controls and window properly resize themselves depending on user 
settings and the user environment. Additionally, when setting a manual 
RPM using the RPM sliders, the sliders now 'lock' to the user-defined 
RPM; if the reported RPM is not equivalent to the manual RPM an 
indicator below the slider changes to yellow. Minimise to tray has been 
implemented and user profiles have been improved. 

This release is also a milestone. From this point onward we will be 
adding features to Phoebetria that the OEM software does not provide. 

For developers: The full change log can be obtained from the Git
repository. 


Version 1.1.0 (Beta)
====================
This version was not officially released to the public.


Version 1.0.0 (Beta)
====================
Initial public release
